Is your kid called Chengfeng?
Why are you here?
Don't chase this kid and talk nonsense!
There is no one in that broken place in Xi'an at night
There is still a future
Hey, I just made 30 million in the company on the east coast
Why is there no investment value?
I suspect this kid is here to cheat money
30 million. Mmm
How is it cash?
Do you care if I have cash?
It was written in black and white on the contract
That's what I earn.
Dad, if you had money?
Don't throw in that bird that doesn't poop!
Hey, you only need 100 million to vote for me.
I'll give you tenfold in a month
Then a billion
shut up
He is the bone god of my traitor, so don't be rude
Why would you rather trust an outsider?
You don't believe me, your son
Shit god
Never heard of it
Uh, Mr. Qu, let's go to an unburied place
Sit down and talk slowly
I'm going to die if you don't put your money in me today
I make you last
inverse
If you dare to mess with me here, get out of here
Then you hit me, right?
Ok wait
Mr. Xu, since you don't believe me so much
How about we make a bet?